Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ I used to think I found ♪
♪ My head must be in a cloud ♪
♪ One who's always on my mind ♪
♪ You are the one I love ♪
Well. you were right.
Daddy.
It is the igniter.
Okay.
Just stop what you're doing
and let me look at it.
All right?
Owen. hi.
Evening. Clyde.
We just closed up.
Yeah. I know.
Just making
a short business call.
You know our parcel
arrives tomorrow.
I'm gonna have to ask
you be at the brewery
at the usual time.
We're gonna be there.
Well.
spread the word.
Lena. look. I know
your heart isn't into this.
Makes you feel dirty.
ashamed.
So if you want
to forego your civil duties
for tomorrow night.
I will grant you a free pass.
take you back to my place.
have a nice dinner.
then enjoy some time together.
You better slow down. boy.
You know.
you and I
are gonna end up together
whether you like it or not.
Clyde!
Yes. Owen.
I'm gonna ask you kindly
to take your hands
off my daughter.
Now you know what. Owen?
I am being disrespectful.
Yeah.
My apologies.
Ah. hell.
You know me. Owen.
I cross the line sometimes.
Guess I gotta learn to be
a little more disciplined. huh?
Now I think we both know that.
don't we?
Daddy.
Are you okay?
Look. I shouldn't
have done that.
All right?
Let's go.
Are you okay?
Brian. you said
you'd send an angel.
If there was ever a time.
it's now.
Afternoon.
Been walking
for quite a while.
I'm kind of hungry.
I'm. uh--
I'm strapped for funds.
but. uh. I'm pretty handy.
I thought if you had
any jobs need doing.
well. maybe I could
earn myself a meal.
You're a vet.
In that case.
meal's on the house.
That's very kind of you.
but I'd just as soon
earn my meal.
It's not a handout.
it's a gift.
I understand.
but all the same to you.
I'll do the work.
Well. I got a broken shelf
over here.
I'd have fixed it myself.
but my eyes
ain't what they used to be.
Yeah. well.
that doesn't look
like it'll be a problem.
Well then. we got a deal. Heh.
Name's Vernon.
Vernon.
So you traveling through?
That's right.
That would be
my recommendation.
Why is that?
Not safe here for outsiders.
I suggest you head
further north.
Why north?
Or south.
Just anywhere
but here.
Trust me.
Sheriff Wiley.
what can I do for you today?
So who do we have here?
He's. uh. just passing through.
Is that right?
Well. good afternoon.
Afternoon.
So. uh.
Vernon tells me
you're passing through.
I haven't decided yet.
Well. heh.
let me decide for you.
Now we don't care much
for outsiders here
in our quiet little town.
So why don't you
just finish up that meal
and find your way
out of Rondo.
Clear?
Let me ask you. Sheriff.
am I breaking
some kind of law?
I can be real inventive.
Special Forces. huh?
Well. just 'cause
you're a war veteran.
don't mean you get any
special treatment around here.
Yeah.
I'll pick up the tab for you.
my friend.
You have a good trip now.
That one's on me there. Vernon.
Hey. Dad.
Yeah?
Just heading out to the brewery.
I want to see
if you needed anything.
Just keep
your eyes and ears open.
All right. see you later.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Let's go. quicker.
Come on. hurry up.
Randall.
Let's go.
Jeremiah wants
to have a word with you.
What are you gonna do
to my husband?
Get in.
Come on. go.
Let's go.
back to work.
Come on.
Go. Quicker.
-Hello.
I'd like a room for the night.
How much?
We're. uh...
We're a little filled up
at the moment.
I'd like a room for the night.
How much?
It'll be. uh.
be $20 a night.
That's fine.
Save a room for me.
I'll be back.
Yes. sir.
-Mr. Whitfield.
-Randall "The Scandal."
-What have I done?
-I think you know.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
You broke the cardinal rule
of our relationship.
I received a call this morning
from our attorney general.
Said his office
had been receiving
unsettling news
about our activities.
Make this easy on yourself.
Yes. it's true--
I made the call.
but my wife Vivian.
she's so scared.
She begged me to call.
Behind every great man is
a woman with blood on her hands.
Regardless
of who made you do it.
the actions were your own.
Please. Mr. Whitfield.
I promise it won't happen again.
You right or left-handed?
Remember this.
Well. we got a guest.
Afternoon.
What can I do for you?
I'm passing through.
I thought
I might spend the night.
I'm short on cash.
so I thought if you got
any odd jobs need doing.
I'm pretty handy.
I'm just looking to earn a day's
pay. then I'll move on.
Where are you headed?
Nowhere in particular.
Ah. nomada.
-Sorry?
-A nomad.
No-- Oh.
My son-in-law
was Special Forces.
Sergeant.
He lost his life in combat.
Very sorry to hear that.
You know anything
about oven igniters?
I believe I do. yeah.
I got one back here
giving me fits.
You fix it
and I'll keep you on for a day.
How's that for a deal?
Deal.
Owen Hayes.
Owen.
Lead the way.
Oh. hey baby.
This is my daughter. Lena.
Lena. this is. um--
You know. I didn't even
get your name.
What was it you called me?
Nomada.
That'll do.
Hi.
Let's talk.
Hey.
What are you doing. Daddy?
The man's in need. Lena.
And so are we.
And if he can fix our oven.
I'm gonna keep him on for a day.
There's a lot
he can do around here.
We don't know
anything about him.
What if he's dangerous?
He's not dangerous.
The first sign of danger.
his ass is outta here.
I promise you.
This is a bad idea.
He is gonna
be trouble for us.
You let me deal with that.
Okay?
But if you don't--
If you don't feel safe.
you just keep your distance.
Oh. I will.
Whew!
Yes. There you go.
Clyde.
Owen.
Well now.
who in the hell
do we have here?
This is. uh. Nomada.
Nomada?
What in the hell kind of name
is Nomada?
He's just passing through town.
helping me out
with a few things.
Is he now?
So Nomada.
what the hell brings you
all the way out here?
Like the man said.
just passing through.
-Is that right?
-He's here for a day.
He's just helping me
with some odd jobs.
Yeah?
Who says?
There's so many things I
can't do in this chair. Clyde.
The man's handy.
He's already fixed the oven.
Just for the day.
Then I think it's best
you be on your way.
You should join us
for a drink. Lena.
Take a break.
Yeah. Clyde. please.
Ah. come on.
I just want to talk to you
for five minutes.
just a little.
I don't think so.
Okay.
Oh. Lena. one last thing.
I don't really like
being told no.
Kind of hurts my feelings.
No. No. no. I've had plenty.
Thanks.
Good food. huh?
Very good. Yeah.
Thank you for inviting me
to sit down with you.
Tell me. those men
who came by here today--
-Yeah.
---who are they?
That's Whitfield's goons.
Jeremiah Whitfield.
He owns this town
and everybody in it.
Little smart-ass kid.
that's Clyde.
That's Jeremiah's son.
He's the one who's taking
a particular liking
to you. Lena?
Feeling is not mutual.
It's something we've been
dealing with for a while.
And I can take care of myself.
Excuse me.
Let's just hope
it don't come to that.
I gotta tell you.
I don't like it here.
I don't feel safe for me.
and I don't feel safe for her.
So why don't you get out?
Because I can't.
Nomada.
Um. this is--
This is for you.
Thank you.
You-you do good work.
Uh. but the-the thing is.
we're in a--
We're in
a precarious situation here.
and your being here
actually makes things worse.
so I'm asking you
don't come back. okay?
It's-it's nothing personal.
It's just. ahem.
the way things are.
I understand.
Thanks again.
Good luck.
Twenty bucks.
I'll take that room now.
Yeah. number three.
Upstairs on the left.
Bathroom's
right across the hall.
Hey. do you need any towels?
It's $5.
refundable upon checkout.
Five dollars.
Thanks.
Careful.
You led us into an ambush.
it was--
I'm gonna need the ladder.
Morning.
Hmm.
Good.
The damn place
is falling apart. Lena.
There's so much
that man can do in one day.
That's all I'm asking for
is one more day.
It is a mistake.
I'll take responsibility. okay?
I can make them understand.
You saw what they did
to Randall. Daddy.
I don't want you to get hurt.
and you're putting our welfare
into the hands of a stranger.
It's not worth it.
You listen to me. Lena.
I'm willing to take that chance.
To what end?
Wow. You know.
that looks really good.
Well. good enough anyway.
Yeah. there's a lot of stuff
that can be done around here
if you don't mind
sticking around.
All right.
I can give you a day or two.
No problem.
Why are you still here.
Nomada?
I asked you to leave.
Your father's a good man.
I'm just helping him out. huh?
I'll be gone soon enough.
I promise.
Afternoon. Lena.
Clyde.
Lena. you mind telling me
why this son of a bitch
is still here.
He's fixing a few more
things around here. Clyde.
The damn place is falling apart.
I don't give a goddamn.
Owen.
Now I gave you a direct order.
You think I'm scared of you.
old man?
Hmm?
You got some nerve.
I'll say that.
-Clyde. I--
-Stay out of this. Lena.
You know what. I'm gonna
make this real simple.
Now you got five minutes
to pack your shit
and get the hell
out of this town.
I suggest you comply.
We clear?
Good.
Clyde. um. we don't ask
for much. You know that.
So. um. my daddy just needs
his help for another day.
I already just told you no.
Well.
I'm asking you nicely.
Goddamn it. Lena.
What did I just say?
Now you know the rules.
-I know. but--
-What the hell has got--
-Clyde!
-Shut your mouth.
Seriously.
you are making a big deal
out of nothing. Clyde.
-You know what?
-Now you're hurting me. so--
I just told you--
You don't tell me what to do.
You are hurting me.
Clear your weapons.
Put 'em on the table.
Do it. Do it now.
Turn and walk outta here.
You are so dead.
You ain't gonna live
out the day.
You know who I am?
What's going on here?
We help consolidate the cocaine.
weigh it. package it.
and in exchange.
we're given the essentials.
We are paid for our silence.
And you can't leave?
Well. we could.
but the Whitfields are networked
with syndicates
across the country.
so they'll find us
and they'll kill us.
It's happened many times before.
We know too much.
Look. when my wife died.
I actually found a way
to get Lena out of here.
Of course the results.
I wound in this damn wheelchair.
Then Brian dies and Lena just
come back to take care of me.
And the sheriff.
where does he fit in?
He's in on it.
Look.
I know your intentions were good.
but what you started here today.
about to get a whole lot worse.
Owen. you got a safe?
I do.
Well. let's stow
these firearms.
Dad.
What the hell happened to you?
We need to talk.
We've got a serious problem.
There's a stranger in town.
some crazy ass old man.
-Owen's taken him in.
-Oh?
He's trouble. Dad.
Took our guns. threw our asses
outta the goddamn saloon.
So some crazy old man
took your guns
and threw the three of you
out of the saloon?
One man?
I'll handle it.
-You stay the hell out of this.
-Whoa. hold on.
We don't need an incident
right now.
Sheriff Wiley can handle this.
Sheriff Wiley.
Sheriff. Jeremiah.
What can I do for you?
Listen. we got some yokel
over at the Horseshoe.
Clyde and his pals
got into fight with him
and he took their guns.
Ah. shit.
I told
that Special Forces asshole
to leave town yesterday.
Get him outta town.
I'll take care of that
right now. Mr. Whitfield.
Thank you.
Goddamn it.
Get cleaned up
and get over to the brewery.
Pull the car around.
This man instigated something
that will no doubt escalate.
He's put us all
in a lot of danger.
-Yeah.
-Well. maybe this is the time
to take a stand.
do something finally.
-Yeah.
-What can we do?
There's nowhere we can go
where they can't find us.
Besides. we're all
accessories to a crime.
We could end up dead
or-or in prison.
Hm.
You know. Sam's right.
we are defenseless.
but this man
was an ex-Green Beret.
Maybe he knows someone
that can help us.
The guy wouldn't be a bum
if he knew the right people.
He needs to go.
Well. I wanna talk to him.
We will.
-Yeah?
-Hello. old friend.
You recognize this voice?
-Who is this?
-A ghost from your past.
Wait. is this a joke?
No. I've never been one
much for jokes.
Matter of fact.
I remember you telling me
I was about as funny
as a dead kitten.
-That hurt.
-No. this can't be.
I was at your funeral.
We can't be speaking right now.
-Yeah. but we are.
-Where are you?
I'm in a town called Rondo.
And a world of pain
is about to hit this town.
so I'm gonna need
to call in my marker.
-I'd say you owe me that.
-Anything. anything at all.
Just ask.
What the hell's going on here?
Town meeting. is this?
Hmm?
You were warned. Randall.
Look. Sheriff.
there's nothing going on here.
We were just talking.
About what?
What you all
be talking about. huh?
We're just planning
a little gathering for Daddy.
It's his birthday.
-Is that right?
-Yeah.
Well. let me put it straight
to you right here. right now.
There won't be no gathering.
I want that son of a bitch
out here right now.
Why?
Because I'm putting him
under arrest.
That's why.
For what?
Assault and battery.
Clyde and his boys.
Listen. Sheriff. he--
Clyde struck my daughter.
Shut up. Owen.
You shut that mouth
or I'll arrest both of you
for harboring a fugitive.
Now you gonna bring him
out here or what?
Huh?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Sheriff.
Sheriff. I'm sorry.
I was--
I was just down the hall
about to make a phone call.
You're under arrest.
Now you can either
come voluntarily
or I'll put the cuffs on you.
Now how do you want this to go?
Well. you see.
the thing is. Sheriff.
that-that call
I was telling you about.
it's to a man I know.
an old colleague of mine.
Colonel Jack Hollister.
US Army Special Forces Command.
If I make that call and tell him
about all the illegal activities
going on
in your fine little town.
and if I do that.
I guarantee within 24 hours
this place will be swarming
with federal agents.
not to mention
national media attention.
If that happens.
I suspect you'll spend
the rest of your career
in a federal penitentiary.
Now I gotta make the call.
'cause if I don't. they'll come
looking for me for sure.
But there is one other option.
I could make the call
and just say nothing.
Then I'd just have myself
one last cup of coffee
and. uh. hit the road.
So see. it's your call. Sheriff.
Heh. Well...
if that's how
you want to play it.
I'll be on my way.
Thank you. sir.
Is any of that true?
Not a word.
Hm.
Quality beer.
Exotic fruits.
blood oranges
and pear cactus extract.
-Very good.
-The real product is shipped
undetected within the cans.
The operation provides
a substantial
supplemental revenue.
and in addition. facilitates
release of the goods.
And with the merger?
I'm certain
we can double it.
We can provide you
60.000 kilos quarterly.
but not at 35 percent.
-Well. we can go 40.
-Fifty.
I can't go higher
than that.
Deal.
-Salud.
Mr. Whitfield.
Sheriff Wiley.
Needs to speak to you.
Sheriff?
Not good. Mr. Whitfield.
I mean this guy
could be real trouble.
He threatened to notify the
authorities of your activities.
and I believe he may have
the resources to do so.
He mentioned
a Colonel Jack Hollister
as a point of contact.
I see.
I thought it prudent
not to arrest him
at this point in time.
We'll take it from here.
Look. I'm sorry.
I wish I could have done more.
You did what you could.
Also. half the townfolk
were in there with him.
Randall and Vivian
were there too.
I mean. there's something
brewing and it ain't good.
Just thought I'd let you know.
I'll get back to you.
Call Luis. let him know
that we got a problem
that he's gotta fix immediately.
What if this Hollister
actually shows up?
Impossible.
Jack Hollister
has been dead for many years.
Okay.
Nomada.
This is a town
of fallen souls.
Weak. vulnerable.
given to despair and corruption.
Penance is coming.
Or with luck.
salvation.
Everybody's deserving
of a second chance.
Why do you care?
Because I couldn't forgive
myself if I didn't care.
not this time.
My daddy and I
aren't safe here.
And I would like for you
to stay. if that's all right.
That's all right.
We got a spare room
you can use.
Ah. I'll be fine right there.
Well. let me go get you
a blanket.
Nope. I got that covered too.
Is there anything you do need?
I will need you to give me
a ride in the morning.
-Where to?
-About 50 miles north.
For what?
Got to pick up a package.
Goodnight.
Well. Brian.
if Nomada
is your answer to my prayer.
just what kind of angel
did you send?
♪ I'm on the wrong road ♪
♪ You should say ♪
♪ I've been missing ♪
There it is.
Whitfield Manor.
biggest cocaine distributor
in the southern district.
Alliances
with the Mexican cartel
and corrupt politicians.
of course.
May Jeremiah Whitfield
burn in hell.
Let's get outta here.
I'm afraid to ask.
Tools of the trade.
Speed up a little.
Faster.
Go.
Back. back.
Let go of the wheel.
Head for that silo.
Lena.
Go on. over there.
You're gonna be
all right.
Take this.
Keep it low.
Keep your finger
off the trigger.
You hear me?
Unless you hear fire. go on now.
Go. go on now.
Mm.
You all right?
Let's get out of here.
What are we gonna do?
Look. when we get back.
you and Owen.
pack up what you need.
Get out town.
There are more of 'em.
and they'll be coming after us.
Where are we gonna go?
Surprise.
Shut the door. Titus.
I really underestimated you.
Nomada.
Taking out two pros
all by yourself.
I gotta say...
that is pretty badass
for an old man.
You're a real hero.
Nomada!
Clyde!
Stop it!
Get her back.
Hand me that. Chip.
Wow.
Quite the arsenal
we have here. boys.
enough to start a war.
I'll be taking that.
That's right. Zeke.
Carry my bag for me.
Oh.
Wow. are you upset with me.
Lena?
Now. how in the hell
do you think I feel?
Hmm?
You just betrayed me
and my family.
You really crossed line
this time.
all of you.
The penalty for your
insubordination will be severe.
But you...
I've got something
special planned.
You're coming with me.
You know what
Jeremiah's orders were?
Get the hell outta my way.
Zeke.
I got no qualms with putting
your ass down. now or later.
It's up to you.
Well?
I didn't think so.
I know my place.
Know yours.
Come on.
-Lena.
-Daddy.
-Shut up.
-Lena!
Lena!
Get in.
Get in there.
Go.
Zeke. please don't do this.
We'll-we'll do anything
you want.
You won't have to pay us
a thing.
Just let us live.
Sorry. Vivian.
It's nothing personal.
but Mr. Whitfield no longer
requires your services.
You're fired.
So. what do you plan
to do with me?
Now. here's where
the rubber meets the road. Lena.
You are going to be obedient.
respectful.
and you are going to do
what I want when I want it.
Now I know that is
a tough pill to swallow.
but swallow it
you most certainly goddamn will.
But in return.
you'll have comfort.
and well...
in time...
we will be able
to have a family together.
That is your life now.
Grab his legs. Titus.
Where'd he go?
Damn it.
Lord almighty.
I know
you ain't responsible for this.
but no matter.
you're coming with me.
Any unwanted move.
your head comes off.
Let's go.
Let's go now. nice and easy.
Not one move.
You rest on that bar.
Come on. come on.
What is this?
Well.
the job's been handled.
Good.
Why is she here?
Well. that's what I wanted
to talk to you about.
I really would
like to keep her.
She doesn't seem
to be too okay with this.
Are you okay with this?
This doesn't look
too promising. son.
Once she realizes
what I can do for her.
she'll come around.
Oh. so you would intend
to keep her captive
until she capitulates.
Listen. it's been a long day.
and I don't want her in my home.
Take her to the brewery.
We'll discuss it in the morning.
-Okay?
-Thanks. Dad.
Come on.
Fuck.
What is it. Sheriff?
I got that Special Forces guy
locked up
in the back of my vehicle.
The man's dead.
So you thought.
I got a pile
of massacred townfolk
back at the saloon. Zeke.
I demand an explanation.
Mind yourself. Sheriff.
It's just business.
I demand an explanation.
Clean it up.
Okay.
Son of a bitch.
Did he hurt you?
My daddy?
Let's finish this.
Hollister.
Jack Hollister.
What the hell
are you doing here?
You causing all this trouble.
you fucker?
You. huh?
A lot of good men
are dead because of you.
Who the hell do you think
you talking to. Soldier?
You sent us in there.
You knew we'd get annihilated.
You knew that.
Annihilated?
Then what the hell
are you doing standing there?
Maybe you were running
in the wrong direction.
Now. you drop that weapon.
and you turn around.
and you get your sorry
fucking ass outta here
before I shove that
down your fucking throat.
You understand me?
You hear me. Soldier?
You hear me?
Do you understand me?
How dare you?
And welcome him into paradise
where there will be
no more sorrow.
no weeping or pain.
with fullness
of peace and joy.
with your son
and the Holy Spirit.
forever and ever.
Amen.
So which way do we go?
Which way do you go?
As far as anybody knows.
you don't exist.
You're free.
You can go start
a whole new life.
Nomada.
God is with you.
♪ I am a poor
Wayfaring stranger ♪
♪ Traveling through
This world below ♪
♪ There is no sickness ♪
♪ 'Twile no danger ♪
♪ And that bright world ♪
♪ To which I go ♪
♪ I'm going there
To see my father ♪
No more to roam ♪
♪ Just a-going over Jordan ♪
♪ And just a-going over home ♪
♪ I know dark clouds
Will gather over ♪
♪ I know my path
Is rough and steep ♪
♪ But golden fields
Lie out before me ♪
♪ Where weary eyes
No more shall weep ♪
♪ I'm going there
To see my mother ♪
No more to roam ♪
♪ Just a-going over Jordan ♪
♪ Just a-going over home ♪
♪ I want to sing
Salvation's story ♪
♪ In concert
With the blood-washed band ♪
♪ I want to wear
A crown of glory ♪
♪ I get home
To that good land ♪
♪ I'm going home
To see my brothers ♪
♪ They passed before me
One by one ♪
♪ Just a poor
Wayfaring stranger ♪
♪ Traveling through ♪
♪ This world below ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm